[ Reagan ]
Air and naval forces
of the United States...
launched a series of strikes
against terrorist facilities--
[ Reporter ]
Pan Am Flight 103 crashed
into the town of Lockerbie.
[ Reagan ] He has sanctioned
acts of terror in Africa,
Europe and the Middle East.
This will not stand,
this aggression against Kuwait.
[ Reagan ]
...his relentless pursuit
of terror.
- We will make no distinction--
- The U.S.S. Cole
was attacked while refueling--
This was an act of terrorism.
It was a despicable
and cowardly act.
The next number
we're gonna play for you is
one of the good ol' favorites.
- [ Speaking Arabic ]
- ...until something stops him.
[ Carrie ]
I-I'm just making sure
we don't get hit again.
[ Police Radio Chatter ]
[ Man ]
We got a plane crashed
into the World Trade Center.
[ Man #2 ]
...thousands of people running--
We must, and we will,
remain vigilant
at home and abroad.
[ Speaking Arabic ]
[ Saul Whispering ]
What the fuck
are you doing?
[ Arabic Continues ]
[ Carrie ]
Fuck! I missed
something once before.
I won't--
I can't let that happen again.
[ Saul ] It was 10 years ago.
Everyone missed something
that day.
[ Carrie ]
Yeah, everyone is not me.
[ Man ]
Once you've gotten
to this position.
[ Police Sirens Wailing ]
[ Saul ]
Previously on Homeland.
An American prisoner of war
has been turned.
That's one interpretation,
but that's all it is
at the moment.
Jessica?
It's me.
Brody.
If he is a terrorist,
we need eyes and ears
on Brody...
from the minute
he steps off that plane.
Out of the question.
The terrorists
are still out there.
We need Brody
in the public eye...
reminding America
that this is far from over.
What if he's not up for it...
psychologically?
[ Reporter ]
Just a couple questions,
Sergeant Brody.
You got 10 seconds
to get off my property.
The--
[ Gasping, Choking ]
[ Panting ]
The brass sent you over here
to turn me into some
fucking poster boy...
for their
bullshit war.
Abu Nazir?
Was he ever present during
any of your interrogations?
No.
[ Carrie Exhales ]
You are the only Agency asset
to have had eyes on Nazir
in seven years.
You know that they stone women
like me to death...
if we get caught
doing anything that
we're not supposed to?
I won't let
anything happen to you.
So Abu Nazir's
resurfacing...
just as Brody has
miraculously returned home
means nothing?
Dots are there, Carrie,
but you haven't
connected 'em yet.
[ Carrie ]
Wait, there's no camera
in the garage?
Jesus Christ, Virgil.
Allahu Akbar.
[ Moaning ]
[ Panting ]
[ Both Exhale ]
Mmm.
Ah, Emir.
Shh.
[ Chuckles ]
Mmm.
Stay there.
[ Sighs ]
[ Indistinct ]
- [ Beeps ]
- [ Man Speaking Arabic ]
[ Both Speaking Arabic ]
What are you doing?
Nothing, Emir.
I'm just getting dressed.
[ Sighs ]
Oh, it's beautiful, Emir.
You're beautiful.
[ Woman ]
I'd like to swap out
this couch, please.
And the painting.
Something a little less
Motel 6.
[ Scoffs ]
I'll do what I did for
the McCain 2009 interview.
Highest ratings ever.
You know, I missed that one.
I was out of the country.
Of course.
[ Whispers ]
Okay.
Oh, shit.
Carrie, would you get in here?
What is it?
It's a crew member
from the network.
They're about to move the couch
where we have a contact mike
mounted to the baseboard.
Holy mother of fuck.
Okay, wait a second.
Wait a second.
Can-- Can you put that down?
And can we get the painting
back on the wall,
where it belongs?
We'll stick with Motel 6,
I think. Just do it.
[ Sighs ]
We agreed to an interview,
not a home invasion.
[ Woman ]
Sergeant Brody, I apologize--
All right, I'm going to be late
for my briefing.
Let me know who wins.
Look. We're broadcasting
a special here in two days--
The homecoming
of an American hero.
I know what the audience wants.
You need to trust me.
No, I don't.
Okay.
Keep the couch.
It's great.
Let's just--
Let's have you take a seat
right there, please.
[ Woman ]
All right. We'll have them
all on the couch.
They back at it?
Looks like.
She has no idea
who she's dealing with.
I had no idea he had such,
uh, strong feelings about
home decor.
[ Jessica ] It's probably
the only thing to him
that seems the same.
I kept everything
exactly the same
the whole time he was gone.
Not everything.
I'm not gonna do
this interview.
It's a complete joke.
They're trying to make us
into some perfect family.
[ Coughs ]
You are the perfect family.
[ Scoffs ]
No, we're not.
Well, not you maybe,
but the rest of 'em.
Your brother's a Boy Scout,
literally.
Your mother--
She's got this
whole MILF thing going.
And your father?
I mean, Sergeant Brody?
He's a hero.
Yeah, he is.
So leave the rest of us
out of it.
[ Girl ]
Okay, suggestion, if I may.
Do the interview, right?
But do something crazy.
Like what?
Light my hair on fire?
Wear a burka.
[ Laughs ]
Every time the interviewer
asks a question, tell him
to go shut the fuck up.
[ Laughs ]
Mm-hmm.
Look. The whole country
will be watching, right?
And you can say
whatever you want.
Tell the truth.
The truth
would be interesting.
[ Estes ]
Intelligence work
has led us to this man,
Prince Farid bin Abbud,
also known to his friends
as Freddie.
We've spent years chasing rumors
that the prince
funded terrorists,
but we've never had proof
until a meeting between
the prince and Abu Nazir...
was videotaped
by this woman, Lynne Reed,
a C.I.A. asset and member of
the prince's personal retinue.
We're running a hooker?
If, by hooker,
you mean someone who's
out there risking her life...
while we're sitting around
a conference table,
then, yeah, we are.
I just received word
from her...
that she successfully downloaded
the prince's cell phone
onto an iX chip.
I'll be retrieving it
first thing tomorrow.
Very good.
So, immediately after his
meeting with Abu Nazir,
the prince came here to D.C.
We believe the purpose
of his visit...
is to move funds to
one of Abu Nazir's people
here in the United States.
If we can flag the transfer,
we can follow the money
to Nazir's operative.
The prince is a global guy.
He lives on that phone that
Lynne Reed just downloaded
for us, so...
it should be
a good place to start.
[ Sighs ]
Questions.
You say you believe
the prince is here...
for the purpose
of transferring funds. Why?
Like I said,
the timing of the trip--
following on the heels
of the prince's meeting
with Abu Nazir in Cyprus.
My understanding is the prince
comes to the United States
every year about this time.
To top off his harem,
not to fund terrorism.
Saul.
What was that about?
It was
a legitimate question.
So ask me off-line.
Don't torpedo my briefing.
It was a question, Carrie,
not an act of war.
Abu Nazir's express goal
is an attack on our country.
It's his holy grail.
No one doubts that.
Well, half the reason
I think Abu Nazir has something
in the works now is Brody.
I can't talk about that.
So let me see
if I understand this.
You think when I ask you
the same exact question
I'd ask anyone else,
that really I'm just
giving you a hard time,
is that it?
Got a meeting to get to.
[ Sighs ]
[ Lock Slides Shut ]
[ Jessica ]
Dana.
[ Keys Jingle ]
- Where were you?
- With friends.
You missed the prep
for the interview.
Yeah, that was
kind of the point.
Hey.
Sorry.
Can I go?
No.
Sure.
I didn't mean
to confuse things.
So you know,
she's always like this.
It's not you.
You sure?
[ Sighs ]
Ask her to do anything,
and the attitude
goes up like a wall.
I mean, she's obviously
got a secret life
going on out there.
Well, she's 16.
Only 16.
No, I meant, didn't you
have a secret life
when you were that age?
Yeah, with you.
That was different.
[ Chuckles ]
You want me to
try talking to her?
Please.
Be my guest.
[ Rock, Muffled ]
[ Whispers ]
If I run into any trouble,
I'll send up a flare.
[ Dana Giggles ]
[ Dana, Brody Chuckling ]
[ Dana ]
I don't know.
It's funny though, isn't it?
[ Chuckling Continues ]
[ Unzips ]
You actually
went swimming.
I thought
that was the idea.
[ Shower Running ]
So what exactly are you
expecting to find on that?
[ Sighs ]
These operations need money,
right?
You think
it's coming from Farid?
He's certainly
got enough of it.
So now we look for something
out of the ordinary
on the download you got us--
an electronic wire
with odd routing,
a meeting he takes
with someone new,
outside his usual circle,
a transfer of money.
I'll know it
when I see it.
And you're sure about this,
about Farid being
part of an attack.
Pretty much, yeah.
Because I've been
right beside him
for over a year...
and all I've seen
is a nice guy with
a few sexual quirks.
He gave me this amazing
necklace yesterday.
He didn't have to.
He doesn't owe me.
I swear, it actually
meant something to him.
I'm sure it did.
He's taking us all
clubbing tonight
to show off the new girls.
That's what
his whole life is about--
just having fun.
I know it must seem that way,
but the man
you recorded him with,
Abu Nazir--
You know
he's the real deal.
[ Sighs ]
We never would have been able
to get this any other way.
You should feel really good
about what you've done.
Well, I have downloaded
his phone for you.
I'm done.
What about you?
Me?
Uh, no.
I'm never done.
Shouldn't you be getting ready
for your interview?
They pushed it back
a couple hours.
Are you nervous?
No.
I was told Lawrence O'Donnell
gives everyone a hard time
except guys in uniform.
Chris, Dana, breakfast!
So you know, Chris is
all about sugar in the morning,
usually Cocoa Pebbles.
Dana doesn't touch breakfast.
It's as if you're trying
to poison her.
So what were you two
talking about last night?
Huh?
I heard Dana laughing.
It's hard not to.
What was so funny?
Oh. It was this video
called YouTube.
Have you seen it?
The dog talking about food?
No, not that one.
I saw a cat that smokes.
It was really quite funny.
Hey.
Want some?
No, thanks.
I'll take some.
Thank you.
Looks good.
Lack of porn is
a little surprising,
given the prince's reputation.
You know,
at your briefing yesterday,
I didn't mean anything
calling your asset a... hooker.
Want to make it up to me?
Find me evidence of
a money transfer.
Start with the encrypted files.
Really. It's important.
Saul.
I just picked up
the download
from Lynne Reed.
Anything there?
Crypto's processing it now.
Hopefully we'll know
in a couple hours.
Good. I got a meeting to go to.
Meeting to go to, sure.
[ Sighs ]
How long are you gonna keep
doing this? When are you gonna
forgive me for screwing up?
I forgive you, Carrie.
No, you don't.
I really don't want to
get into this here.
I lied to you.
It was wrong.
I understand that.
Do you?
Good.
Saul--
Everyone lies
in this business.
I accept that.
But we all draw a line
somewhere.
And the two sides of that line
are "us" and "them."
And whatever we had, you and I,
whatever trust we built up over
a decade of me protecting you,
teaching you
everything I know,
you destroyed it
when you lied to me
and you treated me like "them,"
like every other schmuck
in this building.
When you say you understand,
is that what you mean?
[ Lawrence O'Donnell ]
What was it like, hearing
your liberators rolling in?
[ Brody ]
Well, they flew in,
which I didn't know at the time.
I was in a pretty deep bunker,
so I couldn't really hear
what was going on.
Then I heard
a massive firefight.
I knew there'd
be casualties.
But at the moment the door
to my bunker blew in,
I still didn't know
which side had won.
Then a flashbang went off,
which blinded me.
And I just braced
for the end.
It took a while to work out
what had really happened.
- That you were free.
- Yeah.
Sergeant Brody, your commanders
showed us the results of
your initial medical exam.
Yes.
There's a section,
"Scars and Other
Identifying Marks."
It goes on for nearly two pages.
- You were beaten.
- [ Panting, Grunting ]
No.
Yes.
Tortured.
[ Grunting ]
That's right.
To what end?
[ Panting, Whimpering ]
[ Panting ]
To what end?
What did they want from you?
[ Whimpering, Grunting ]
They want you
to lose faith.
Lose faith in your country,
which they say is the devil.
In your brother marines,
who they say aren't
coming for you...
because you have
no military value.
In your wife, who they say
has got her arms wrapped
around someone else.
How do you resist that?
You can't.
Except by believing
that those people
they want you to renounce,
that they're keeping
the faith in you,
and you owe it to them
to do the same.
Semper fidelis.
Yeah.
[ Chattering ]
[ Man On Speaker ]
Welcome to Gaucho Taco.
May I take your order?
Your father
did his interview
this morning.
Good.
It is good, I think,
to talk about it.
To 10 million people?
You think that's good?
Okay.
I get that you don't want to
do the interview with us.
I don't really think
anybody wants to hear
what it is I have to say.
Thank you for your order.
Please pull forward to
the window.
Welcome to Gaucho Taco.
We'll be with you in a minute.
[ Jessica ] What's good here?
Well, it's 59-cent tacos, Mom.
I'm sure it's all delicious.
Look, Dana.
I know this is hard.
Your father was gone
for eight years,
and now he's back.
That's not it, Mom.
He's back,
and there's a camera crew
at our house...
when what we really need
is some privacy.
But that's his job now,
to be a public figure.
And it's our job
to be there for him.
We owe him that.
Dana, I do listen.
I know you think it's phony--
putting us up on stage--
and you're not wrong.
Well, Mom, it'd be a lot less
phony if you weren't fucking
his good friend Mike.
I'm not.
Oh, please, Mom.
With your black sleazy thongs
always drying in the bathroom,
him coming over
to "help out."
Do you really think
I'm an idiot?
Dana, I thought he was dead.
We all did.
But he's not, Mom.
And he comes home...
to this devoted wife,
and everyone is
in on the secret except him.
Nice. Welcome home.
Dana.
Your father can never
hear about any of this.
It would really hurt him.
Him or you, Ma?
Him, both of us,
our entire family.
Do you understand that?
Dana,
I need you to promise.
Hi.
Hello.
This must be
Jessica and Dana.
That's right.
It's my wife and my daughter.
I just stopped by to say hi
before the family interview
tomorrow.
Give us a chance
to get acquainted.
So-- Good we're all here.
You're late.
Yeah, sorry.
Where's Max?
He went home
when the shift ended,
like I should have.
[ Sighs ]
Please tell me
you found something.
Well, as a matter of fact,
I did.
[ Sighs ]
[ Mike ] Hello.
[ O'Donnell ]
This must be Jessica and Dana.
[ Brody ]
Yes, my wife and my daughter.
I just stopped by to say hi
before the family interview
tomorrow.
Is that--
Lawrence O'Donnell, I know.
Here, watch this.
[ Tape Fast Forwarding ]
You know that family interview
they're all getting ready for?
[ Whispers ]
She knows.
Dana does, about us.
I mean, how?
We were so careful.
You said you had something.
I thought you meant
something big.
Well, this is big.
No, I mean like a bomb.
Or a call from Abu Nazir.
[ Scoffs ]
I picked up the downlink
from Lynne Reed today,
and after all we went through,
there's nothing on it.
I need
to find something here.
Hey, aren't you the one
who's always telling me
to be patient?
I don't have time
to be patient!
I have three weeks left,
and we're sitting around
watching this--
whatever it is--
this reality show.
Hey, have you eaten?
I noticed
there's some spaghetti
in the cupboard.
It's only 10 years
past its expiration date.
I'm sure it won't kill us.
[ Sighs ]
All right.
[ Dance ]
So what do we do?
Just wait for the prince?
That's right. You wait,
and you look beautiful,
and you try and enjoy yourself.
Think you can manage that?
I can certainly try.
Here's a question.
How do I get one of those?
[ Water Running ]
Are you all right?
Yeah. Fine.
[ Sighs ]
It's all yours.
[ Water Continues Running ]
[ Water Stops ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Dance ]
[ Chattering ]
Another bottle!
Easy.
Pace yourself.
I know.
We have all night.
You have two years.
I'm not so sure
about that one.
His Highness says
she reminds him of you
when you first started.
His Highness has
a special favor to ask.
A job he wants you to do.
A job?
He's meeting with
a businessman tomorrow,
a new acquaintance.
He'd like you
to go there tonight
and make the man feel welcome.
Make him feel welcome?
Emir said that?
He said he wishes
to make a good impression.
Why didn't
he tell me that himself?
The prince can be
excruciatingly indirect
in making his wishes known.
But for that, he has me.
Is there a problem?
No. No problem.
Good.
Driver's waiting.
I need to freshen up first.
Hurry.
Hey.
You awake?
Brody, a lot's happened
in eight years.
There's a lot
we need to talk about.
I just want you to know that
when you're ready, so am I.
Do you hear me?
Mm-hmm.
[ Kisses ]
[ Whispers ]
I want to try again.
Got any tomatoes?
In the crisper.
Any from this century?
Uh, i-in the cupboard,
there might be
a jar of something.
No.
Take yours off.
Please, take it off.
Let me.
No.
It's better
if you don't.
[ Panting ]
[ Panting Faster ]
[ Grunts, Exhales ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Phone Rings ]
[ Beeps ]
Hello.
Hey, it's Lynne.
Lynne, where are you?
I'm out.
Uh, it's getting weird.
What do you mean?
Did you find anything
on that cell phone?
- That transfer
you were talking about?
- No, not yet.
I think
I may have found it.
They just asked me to go
entertain some new, uh,
business acquaintance...
that the prince is
meeting tomorrow.
Who?
I don't know.
It's somebody that
he's trying to impress.
You sound worried.
Normally, we don't even talk
to any man but the prince,
and they want me
to go meet him now.
Uh, the backup--
They're going to be able
to follow me, right?
- What?
- The people protecting me.
Where are they?
Yeah, they'll be
right behind you. Don't worry.
We have your back.
Just keep your phone on.
We'll be able to track you
that way.
Okay.
Thank you.
[ Beeps ]
Her protection?
Where's your van?
Lynne's about to meet
the prince's new
business partner.
She's a welcome gift.
Carrie,
what did you tell her?
You heard what I told her.
What was I supposed to say?
No, Estes didn't
give you a protection detail?
Now, come on.
We finally got a break.
[ Sighs ]
[ Tires Screeching ]
[ Scoffs ]
I'm not seeing her phone.
Why isn't this working?
I don't know.
Hit "tracer."
Since when did they make
"R" Street a one-way?
Okay, we've got her.
Where's the map?
Just give it a second, will ya?
Okay. All right,
she's still at the club.
[ Honking ]
[ Dance, Distant ]
Lynne Reed?
Uh, where we going?
Hay-Adams.
You been before?
Many times.
Oh, careful.
Thank you.
[ Car Alarm Chirps ]
Nice hotel.
Very nice.
So how did you get hooked up
with these guys, may I ask?
Okay, I get it.
None of my business.
You're right.
It's just they paid cash,
substantial tip in advance.
I mean substantial.
Wouldn't mind being
on the permanent list
is all.
All right.
Well, take care of me, and I'll
put in a good word for you.
Thank you.
You're very kind.
Okay. Just leave me your card.
- [ Silenced Gunshots ]
- [ Gasps ]
[ Tires Squeal ]
Which way are they going?
We're nearly there.
They're not going anywhere.
She's not moving.
- Where are they?
- Behind the club.
Turn there.
- Do you think
that's a good idea?
- Turn there!
[ Tires Squeal ]
Shit.
Carrie. Carrie, wait!
Carrie!
Carrie, there is nothing
to be done here, okay?
They made her.
Come on. We can't be seen.
Shit. Shit.
Shit.
[ Ragged Breathing ]
[ Sobs ]
Fuck.
[ Sighs ]
[ Announcer, Indistinct ]
Where's your father?
Don't know.
Where's Dana?
Don't know that either.
They drove off together
about a half hour ago.
If she doesn't
do the interview,
does that mean I don't
get to do it either?
I mean, it's not
that I don't appreciate
all that she does.
It's just, you know,
there are some things
that I don't appreciate.
Yeah, so ignore 'em.
Yeah, but it's--
I mean, it's stuff that
I don't think anyone
would appreciate.
I mean,
it's stuff that I don't
think you would appreciate.
What are you looking for?
You'll see.
What are these?
Historical artifacts.
Look.
You and Mom.
Mm-hmm.
Each padlock put here
by couples who thought
they'd stay together forever.
I wonder how many did.
Not many, I bet.
Why are you even
showing these to me?
Because it's never easy.
A lot of things
can happen.
You know, when
I went over to Afghanistan,
you were in third grade.
Chris was about this size.
Your mom and I were almost
still like newlyweds.
That's what I took
over there with me.
You were in a play that year,
The Wackadoo Zoo.
Oh, you were so good.
[ Laughs ]
I can't believe
that you remember that.
Honey, it's practically
all I thought about
for eight years.
It kept me alive.
But now I'm back.
You know,
and all those things that
kept me going, they've gone.
People have moved on.
Things have changed.
And what's replaced it,
well, doesn't
make any sense to me.
Not yet, at least.
You know,
I'm kind of struggling
for things to hold on to.
And your mom's
struggling too.
You should
cut her some slack.
We both should.
Yeah.
So...
why... are you even doing
this stupid interview then,
if things don't make sense?
I don't know.
Maybe just
to keep the peace.
What are you gonna say?
Well, I'm not gonna lie.
But I'm not gonna
tell the truth either.
I'm not gonna tell
a bunch of total strangers
what I just told you.
[ Chattering ]
[ Elevator Dings ]
Hey.
Go ahead.
[ Sighs ]
She was, um,
D.O.A. at Providence.
Two rounds, point-blank.
Apparently, they had her wearing
some crown jewel type necklace
that's, uh, vanished.
So local law enforcement
is saying it's
a robbery gone wrong.
That's good for us.
Keeps us out of it.
You get anything off
the prince's cell finally?
Yeah, it fits.
Saudis must have
made her somehow,
decided to take her out.
[ Elevator Dings ]
I want to talk
to Prince Farid.
D.C. police already did.
I've got the interview
if you want to see.
You okay?
This guy is a marine, right?
I thought they were
supposed to be on time.
[ Chattering ]
[ Sighs ]
Okay, that's good, Tim.
I like that there.
Keep that.
Come on. Let's go put on
your nice clothes.
- Hey.
You ready?
[ Kisses ]
I'm gonna go change.
Mike.
[ Sighs ]
Uh, uh--
Uh, she was my employee,
uh, for nearly two years.
[ Policeman ]
And this necklace,
it was a present from you?
Yes.
To your employee?
I'm told it was worth
quite a lot of money.
She was worth a lot... to me.
[ Sobs ]
She was a beautiful soul.
She would-- She would
never hurt anybody.
[ Sobbing ]
So, wipe that look
off your face,
and you find out
who did this to her.
Find out!
It continues in that vein.
I need to talk to Farid.
Not possible.
If you don't trust me,
you're welcome to
be in the room.
It's not gonna happen, Carrie.
They're at the airport by now,
heading back to the Gulf.
You let them leave?
[ Sighs ]
If it makes a difference,
State Department made the call.
Said it wasn't worth
antagonizing the Saudis.
Yeah, you mean
she wasn't worth
antagonizing them.
It hurts to lose an asset,
Carrie.
I get that.
But she's gone,
and Abu Nazir
is still out there.
What we need now is
a new way to find him.
[ O'Donnell ]
I'm sitting in the home of
Marine Sergeant Nicholas Brody,
his wife Jessica,
and his two children,
Chris and Dana.
A family that put
a yellow ribbon on the tree
for eight years...
while Sergeant Brody was
presumed dead in Iraq,
when, in fact, he was being
held as a prisoner of war...
under brutal conditions.
So, a lot of
adjustments to make,
I'm sure.
How has the homecoming been?
Well--
It's been great.
For all of us.
It's been
really, really great
to have him back.
And I hope it is
for him too--
coming home.
Carrie Mathison.
Yeah, they called.
You police?
State Department.
Did anyone
notify the family?
Yeah, they're here.
They are?
Yeah. Drove all night
from Sandusky, Ohio.
Never been to D.C. before.
What did you tell them?
Nothing.
It's all hush-hush.
They're not idiots though.
They know her so-called job was
traveling with a Saudi prince.
I don't think
there's any illusions
what he was paying her for.
[ Sighs ]
[ Carrie's Voice ]
"She wasn't just some escort.
She worked for us.
She gave her life
for this country."
That's what I wanted to say.
That's what any human being
would say to these people--
that she was good,
that we owed it to her
to protect her.
But I-I could not say that.
I couldn't say that
because it's a secret.
I'm not allowed.
[ Crying ]
And I was thinking
this is a fucked-up business.
This is a fucked-up business,
and I--
Are you done?
No.
No, I'm just gonna keep
talking and talking,
so you can't say
you have some meeting to go to,
or make up whatever other excuse
you're gonna make up so you
don't have to deal with me.
Carrie.
[ Scoffs ]
Everyone's left.
There's no meetings
to go to.
She called me
from the club...
10 minutes before
she was killed.
She asked if
I had protection on her,
and I said yes.
What do you
want me to say?
[ Sighs ]
It matters?
It doesn't matter?
Don't worry,
it'll all be fine?
Just say something.
Because when you cut me out,
I'm all alone out here
and I can't stand it.
[ Crying ]
They made your informant.
Killed her.
And I didn't stop them.
[ Sighs ]
So...
this transfer you had
everybody looking for--
Never happened.
[ Chuckles ]
And now they're gone.
But the prince was
so broken up about her.
Really, really sad.
I-I can't believe he knew
they were gonna kill her.
What made you think
he was even involved?
The video of him
with Abu Nazir
that Lynne Reed shot.
Which was what exactly?
Their conversation was benign,
what little we could hear of it.
An exchange of pleasantries.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Speaking Arabic ]
Nothing more.
[ Carrie ] Maybe Abu Nazir
really went on that boat
to talk to someone else.
Someone in
the prince's entourage.
Someone without his means?
If the prince
wants to fund something,
he's got the resources.
Not everybody does.
You're looking for
a money transfer, right?
Transfer of money
from a nomadic culture...
that has always known...
jewelry is the easiest way
to move wealth.
Tell me again about
the necklace she was wearing.
500,000.
350.
400.
Where did the money go?
Could be anywhere.
Congratulations.
Not many young couples
can manage their first home
all cash.
Thank you.
I hope you'll
be happy here.
I'm, uh--
I'm sure we will be.
[ Jet Engine Roars ]
[ All Chuckle ]
They say you get
used to the noise.
We don't mind it.
I like being close
to the airport.
For us,
it's perfect.
[ Crickets Chirping ]
[ Splashes ]
[ Keys Clack, Bell Dings ]